Change default File Chooser to show supported files extensions (#9812)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed an issue where searching for unlinked files would include the current library's .bib file [#9735](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9735)
- We fixed an issue where it was no longer possible to connect to a shared mysql database due to an exception [#9761](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9761)
- We fixed the citation key generation for (`[authors]`, `[authshort]`, `[authorsAlpha]`, `authIniN`, `authEtAl`, `auth.etal`)[https://docs.jabref.org/setup/citationkeypatterns#special-field-markers] to handle `and others` properly. [koppor#626](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/626)

> - We fixed the Save/save as file type shows BIBTEX_DB for [#9703](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/9703)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed the Save/save as file type shows BIBTEX_DB instead of "Bibtex library" [#9372](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9372)
```
